So we learned about an alternative to using el where the el property tells vuejs which part of
the html code to take and create the template automatically,
we can also do that manually by using the template property.
That being said, most of the time you'll probably use el since this allows you to write html code
well directly in your html code, in your editor whereas template would be a string, hence facing some
limitations.
It's harder to write multi-line,
you might not get your IDE to support this with syntax highlighting and so on,
so that are some of the nasty limitations you got there.
We also get some other limitations when it comes to templates in general
and that affects both the template property and this string template or the template derived from our
html code with the el property
but I will come back to that and most important, to a possible solution
when we have a look at components and specifically in the next module, when we have a look at which build
tools vuejs offer us, offers us. What I want to say right now is that there are two versions of vuejs,
one version has a compiler build in which runs in the browser,
this is the version which supports our templates no matter if we use a template property or the el property.
This version basically takes our template and recompiles it in the browser to re-render the dom,
that means it has to respect some dom limitations like case insensitive names of elements,
that would be one and I'll come back to this when we talk about components.
We also get another version of the compiler or excuse me, of vuejs without a compiler,
so there, the compiler is stripped out
and how can we do that?
Well we have to compile our templates during the build process so that when we ship our application, we
only have compiled javascript code which can get, which can get executed whenever
well we need to re-render the dom or whenever vuejs decides to re-render.
This is what it does at runtime anyways
in the other case but with the precompiled version, it's smaller and faster and we will learn how
we can use that recompiled version in the next course module.
Now I just wanted to highlight that we face some limitations when using these templates, no matter if
we use el or template but especially if we use template where we would have to specify everything as a string
which really makes things a little bit more complicated.